Add new constant component for displaying constant values (#7061)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/introduction.md

description: "dbt is the industry standard for data transformation."
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null

> intro_text: "<Constant name='cloud' /> is the industry standard for data transformation. Learn how it can help you transform data and deploy analytics code following software engineering best practices like version control, modularity, portability, CI/CD, and documentation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro_text: "dbt is the industry standard for data transformation. Learn how it can help you transform data and deploy analytics code following software engineering best practices like version control, modularity, portability, CI/CD, and documentation."
```
